state your name for the record gin
awesome forgery of Imperial documents
possession of stolen property aggravated
assault resisting arrest can you be
trusted without your shackles yes sir
with gin Gareth and I both felt that it
was very important that we found her
humanity and her vulnerability everyone
should relate to her the rebellion have
found her a little bit difficult but
they need something very specific from
her when was the last time you were in
contact with your father it appears he
is critical to the development of this
super weapon gin is at least to the eyes
of Cassie as a troublemaker but then he
witnesses that she's a real hero and
willing to risk everything if my father
built it we'll find him and bring him
back
felicity brings a level of strength they
always keeps you on your toes you wanted
to win
I got the Star Wars this is insane an
experience that I will never ever forget
may the force be with us
you